# AI Multiagent in Roblox with Gemini

An AI multiagent that uses Google Gemini to interact with players through the chat and interact with the game environment. In-game logs are sent to an external MongoDB database to evaluate outputs and improve prompts.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Features

- Chat interaction: the main agent (Gemini 2.0 Flash with thinking and Google Search grounding enabled) uses the chat to communicate with players and respond to their requests.
- Hierachical memory: logs of chat messages and actions are summarized by a short-term memory agent. When the short-term summary becomes too long, a long-term summary agent reduces it further.
- Tool use: the main agent uses preset functions to do things like give players items and change their attributes.
- Action Log Database: built with Flask and MongoDB Atlas, a REST API sends logs of actions, chat messages, and output generated by the summary agents to a MongoDB database for future analysis.

## Usage

Use this code however you'd like. If you want to do something similar to me, all the scripts in the StartingPlayerScripts folder are LocalScripts, all the files in the AI and DB folders are ModuleScripts, and MainScript is a regular script. You'll need your own Gemini API key, MongoDB host, and a host for the API.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

- **Author**: Haris Khugyani
- **Email**: hariskhugyani1@gmail.com
- **Discord**: tinscoot
- **GitHub**: [hariskhu](https://github.com/hariskhu)
- **Project Link**: [https://github.com/your-username/your-repo](https://github.com/your-username/your-repo)

## Reflection

Overall this was a good project to start off learning how to use AI to make projects. I've never used a database, made an API, or called an LLM provider's API before this. The code isn't the cleanest, but it's a good proof of concept for AI in Roblox games. Some details aren't working as intended, but the overall idea is here and I learned a lot.